Release preparation for 0.7.0 (#160)
matrix-org/vodozemac: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## 0.7.0 - 2024-07-17

### Features

> - Add an [Elliptic Curve Encryption Scheme](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_Encryption_Scheme), this scheme can be used in ephemeral
>   situations where a full 3DH-based Olm session might be overkill or too hard to
>   set up ([#151](https://github.com/matrix-org/vodozemac/pull/151)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add an [Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption
  Scheme](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrated_Encryption_Scheme). This
  scheme can be used to establish a secure *ephemeral* encrypted channel, in
  situations for which Olm may be unsuitable due to complexity or the
  unavailability of long-term identity keys. There is also support for
  out-of-band authentication of the receiver side. The scheme was designed
  primarily for purposes of implementing Matrix QR code login.
  ([#151](https://github.com/matrix-org/vodozemac/pull/151)).
```
